(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) I love you.
The summer has come.
This year, too, the summer has come.
A big wave is coming.
I want to drink.
I'm going to drink.
The south wind is blowing.
A big chest is coming.
This year, too, the summer has come.
A big wave is coming.
I want to drink.
I'm going to drink.
The south wind is blowing.
A big butt is coming.
I want to drink.
I'm going to drink.
The south wind is blowing.
Nagisa de Purupuru Nagisa
de Purupuri Nag
agawa Prefecture's Otaku View
Everyone, I'd like to order lunch.
What would you like?
I'd like chashu noodles and
gyoza.
I'd like stir-fried ribs.
I'd like fried rice.
What about you, Ryo-chan?
Oh, it's before payday, so I
'll have ramen and rice.
What are you doing, Ryo-chan?
Are you on a diet?
No way.
There's no way Ryo-chan
is on a diet.
There's no way I'm on a
diet.
I'm working out hard like this to
make myself hungry.
Oh, so you're not hungry?
That's not it.
There's a party at Nakagawa
's house today.
Oh, is there?
Nakagawa, there's going to be
a great meal at tonight's party, right?
Yes.
Iron-man-class chefs and cooks
are going to cook with all their might.
You don't get to eat that kind
of food very often.
Is that why you're so hungry?
Hey, you.
I'm not bragging, but I haven
't eaten anything since yesterday.
You idiot.
You can't work when you're hungry.
What's wrong with you?
Why don't you eat lunch?
I'm sorry to say this, but you
don't have the right to order your
subordinates to eat.
Anyway, can I eat gyoza and
chashu noodles?
I won't be able to eat at
the party.
That's right.
Reiko, I don't want gyo
za.
Just give me chashu noodles.
Yes, sir.
I don't want anything else.
I'll have ramen.
Yes, sir.
Nakagawa.
What kind of party is Party Party?
It's a birthday party for the prince
of the Kondara Kingdom.
The Kondara Kingdom?
It's a small country, so I don
't think you know.
The king and my father have been friends
for a long time.
When they come to Japan, they always stay
at my house.
This is the first time I've been
on a ferrari this wide.
I asked the president of the ferr
ari to make it a wide body.
But isn't this a violation of the
road?
It's okay.
This is the city road of the Nak
agawa family.
What did you say?
There was an exit called Orita Inter
Nakagawa.
Is it Nakagawa's Nakag
awa?
Yes.
I made it for my house.
I'm not tired of this.
I'm so hungry that I'm going
to die.
We're almost there.
What?
I can't see my house.
The ferrari is just going on.
The other side of the ferrari
is my house.
What?
How big is your house?
I think it's 100 times bigger than
Disneyland.
What?
If it's that big, If it's
that big, You have to put a gate
everywhere.
There are 12 gates in total.
I'm going to the closest gate called
Mito Koumon.
Mito Koumon?
There are other gates such as Daisen,
Seishunno, Kinokuniya
Bunzaemon, etc.
We're almost there.
We're here.
We're going to fly.
What?
What's wrong?
I think I got lost.
Don't get lost in your own house.
I'll navigate you right away.
Please confirm your destination.
I can't reach it without a navigation
system in the base.
I can finally see my house.
It's about the same size as the
president's house.
It's a big base, but it's
small.
What?
It's a nice house.
I'm sorry.
That's a dog house.
The president has been paying the loan for
20 years in the same house as the
dog owner?
Mr. Ryo.
You laughed too much.
What?
Is this your house?
Yes.
To be precise, it's a room.
My parents live in that house over there.
And over there is my sister's house.
It's a pretty small, common house.
Here you go.
Is this the living room?
That's...
It's an invader game!
And it's black and white!
It's a cellophane wall!
Wow!
There's even a pool!
No, this is a bath.
The pool is over here.
The bath is moving.
No, the whole room is moving.
The whole room?
Wow!
You can't buy a pool in an
amusement park.
A golf course...
And an airfield!
Yay!
I got 50,000 points!
Did you see that?
Mr. Ryo's parents' house!
I'll leave him alone.
What's up?
Hey!
Bark!
What happened?
May I come in?
Yes, come in.
You look great, Reiko.
Thank you.
I didn't know I had to dress
up like this.
We've invited famous people from all over
the world.
Please bear with us.
But Ryo, you still look great in
a tuxedo.
Thank you very much!
What?
An earthquake?
Everyone, calm down!
You're an officer.
No matter what the situation is, you have
to be calm and calm!
It's not just a tuxedo!
Senpai, it's not an earthquake.
It's an elevator.
What?
The whole room is an elevator?
So I live in a house smaller than
an elevator.
Welcome.
He's amazing.
Look!
Prime Minister Hashimoto is here, too.
And over there, there's a celebrity with
a life-threatening condition, Sara
Takaoka, and the man that President
Ohara likes, Sabu Kitashima.
I'll get his autograph later.
Anyway, let's eat!
Senpai, wait!
What is it?
I'll introduce you to Prince Hondara.
Hey, Prince Hondara!
Oh, Keiichi!
Happy birthday!
Thank you!
I thought you were a cooler guy, but
you're just a fat kid.
Ryo-chan!
What?
Well, Prince, let me introduce you to my
colleagues.
This is President Ohara, my boss.
Nice to meet you.
And this is my senpai, Ryo
ji.
Hello, hello.
It's your time.
10 plus 10 is 20.
20 plus 20 is 40.
What are you talking about?
Prince, your Japanese is terrible.
You idiot!
Why didn't you tell me that before?
I'm going to be the man who
leads Japan's future!
I'm Ryoji Kankichi!
This gorilla is so funny.
He called me a pig.
I'm not a pig!
Well, well.
It's your birthday party.
Let's get along.
I don't care if you don't
greet me.
I'm going.
Prince, don't worry about him.
He's just an idiot.
You stupid gorilla!
Mr. Yoita, I'd like 10 pieces
of toro and sea urchin.
I'm sorry.
The prince told me not to eat anything
until he turns off the candles.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday!
I'm begging you!
I don't care!
Prince!
I forgive you!
I don't care!
You're a good guy.
What's wrong?
Keiichi's senior told
me to hold a specially delicious s
ushi for him.
You'll be a good king!
Hurry up and hold it!
Yes, sir!
It looks delicious.
It's good!
You said bad things about me!
Prince, please turn off the candles.
Prince, please come to the stage.
Yes, sir!
I'll never forget this.
I'll teach that cheeky brat a
lesson!
Now!
I messed up.
What did you do to the prince?
It was a joke.
I'll never forget that cheeky gorilla!
I need to talk to you, kid.
What is it?
Is there something suspicious lurking in this
mansion?
Lurking in this mansion?
It seems to be the work of the
rebels of the Hondara Kingdom.
That means...
What's wrong, Nakagawa?
It's serious, sir.
A terrorist has invaded the prince's mansion.
What?
All right!
Let's start with Chinese food.
This one, this one, this one, and this
one.
This should be enough.
Honey!
You bastard!
Stop right there!
Stop!
I'm too hungry to run.
Aim well.
I know.
Let's find the terrorist.
Where's Ryo?
He's no use to us.
First, we need to secure the guests' safety.
I'm faster!
You're being rude to the prince!
This is mine!
What's going on?
Everyone!
It's dangerous!
Please stay back!
A terrorist has invaded this mansion!
My meat!
Damn it!
We failed again!
We have no choice.
Let's break in and save the prince.
Please calm down.
The center of this room is moving underground.
It's all right now.
My food!
I'm not kidding!
I haven't eaten anything yet!
Ryo!
Senpai!
Leave that idiot alone!
The terrorist is after the prince.
We just need to evacuate the prince.
Prince!
This is the worst.
Let go of me!
I'm going to eat you!
Idiot!
Stop it!
One last time!
Take this!
Senpai!
Prince!
Please get out of the room!
Now's not the time!
My favorite grilled chicken!
What?
I can't find it!
I'll eat you!
Idiot!
You can't do that!
The terrorist is coming!
He's here!
Hands up!
Idiot!
I told you now's not the time!
You did it!
Don't look down on us!
Damn it!
Prince!
I'm going to eat you!
Idiot!
Prince!
Where did the grilled chicken go?
Now!
What's that?
It's hypnotic gas.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.
Okay!
Arrest him!
Grilled chicken!
Where is it?
Prince!
Grilled chicken!
Do you recognize these guys?
Chief!
Too bad.
Don't move!
Drop your guns and raise your hands!
That's enough.
I'll send you to the other world.
Prince.
It's okay.
I just need you to turn on that
switch.
No!
Where's the grilled chicken?
Where's my grilled chicken?
Grilled chicken!
Maybe he's looking for a big chicken.
No way.
What are you talking about?
Are you praying?
Die as you wish.
Great!
Grilled chicken!
Let's eat!
We did it!
Chief!
What's going on?
We did it!
Chief turned on the switch!
What's going on?
The grilled chicken...
Where's my grilled chicken?
I found it!
You did it, Ryo-chan!
You're the best!
Thanks to you, I was saved.
Thank you, Ryo-san.
This is nothing.
What's this?
That's...
Everyone, help me!
It looks
like he turned on the emergency self-
destruct switch.
Here.
This is the chief's award.
Ryo-chan, you did well.
I don't want that.
Grilled chicken!
Sushi!
I want to eat a feast!
He was shocked that he couldn't eat
the party food.
Hey, wait!
You are...
Thank you for saving me.
Last night was really fun.
Eat this for me.
Prince!
He's really into it.
Wasabi!
You got me again!
You really are an idiot gorilla.
You brat!
Prince!
This is Edokko.
Edokko doesn't want to fight
or eat sushi.
Edokko won't fit in such
a warm bath.
Make it hotter!
It's not hot at all.
Next time, on Gekitotsu
Edokko Gassen.
Look forward to it!
Next time, on Gekitotsu
Edokko Gassen.